update graph sample (#2223)
kserve/kserve: docs/samples/graph/README.md

single-1   http://single-1.default.10.166.15.29.sslip.io   True           100                              single-1-predictor-default-00001   67m
single-2   http://single-2.default.10.166.15.29.sslip.io   True           100                              single-2-predictor-default-00001   67m
single-3   http://single-3.default.10.166.15.29.sslip.io   True           100                              single-3-predictor-default-00001   67m

kubectl get ig
NAME            URL                                                  READY   AGE
model-switch     http://model-switch.default.10.166.15.29.sslip.io     True    35s
```
3. Test `InferenceGraph`.
```shell
curl http://model-switch.default.10.166.15.29.sslip.io -d '{"source":"client1","instances":[{"name":"blue","intval":0,"strval":"kserve"},{"name":"green","intval":1,"strval":"1red-server1"}]}'
``` 
***Expected result***

Input data:
```json
{
    "source": "client1",
    "instances": [
        {
            "name": "blue",
            "intval": 0,
            "strval": "kserve"
        },
        {
            "name": "red",
            "intval":1,
            "strval": "1red-server1"
        }]
}
```

> From the `switch conditions` and `input data`, the matched condition is `"instances.#(strval%*red-server*)"`, so we can get the `response` from `single-3`. BTW, if there are multi matched `conditions`, `inference graph` will pickup the first matched service in order, and if the is no `conditon` matched, `inference graph` will return the `input data` directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By evaluating the `switch conditions` with `input data`, the condition `"instances.#(strval%*red-server*)"` is matched, so you get the `response` from target service `single-3`. If there are multiple matched `conditions`, `inference graph` pickups the first matched condition in order and routes to the corresponding target service, and if there is no `condition` matched, `inference graph` returns the `input data` back directly. 
```
